This does not seem much better than Spider-man 2 for the PS2.
There is a few new additions in there.
Such as a slightly improved combat system, a fresh coat of paint, and a little bit of reflection on some surfaces.
I also had several problems with mission "coins" disappearing.
God of War normally limited its buttons to just the face buttons.
Control could have had more attention paid to it.
If you have played Spider-man 2, dont expect too much new here.
Like I said a fresh coat of paint.This does not exactly live up to the free roaming sandbox gameplay.
Spidey looks incredible, up close you can really see the detail in the suit, and black suit spidey is a crazy blast to play.
Sandman is a pain in the glutes when you take over as New Goblin, the sixaxis control is frustrating.
Laying down while playing this part is almost impossible.
I would have waited another 6 months to a year for a truly great Spiderman game rather than 3 mediocre ones.
This game is fun, and if you are a Spidey-freak, definitley dont pass this one up.
If you understand the history of film-game franchises give this one a rent.
Or pick up Rainbow six, or even the Darkness.
A lot of graphics going on for a lot of "nothing much" going on.
=(  Not a lot of fun and a bit of a waste of time.Definitely for young kids.
I'm not real sure where it goes after that because my 8 year old niece lost interest due to difficulties opening a drawbridge style door.
Obviously she is not a video-gamer! So I took the helm for about ten minutes to see if I could open the elusive gate.
Mario is much easier to control and the violence is more "cartoony".
Also the vibrant colors and cute characters in Super Mario Galaxy will make you and your children giddy!.
The graphics are worse then the Gamecube verison.
Like Showdown:Legends of Wrestling,it has too many glitches to count.
You can't even shoot 2 webs at once like you did in SM 2.
I give this stinkburger a 1 out of 10.
It's no secret that like the film itself, the video game tie-in for Spider-Man 3 is a disappointment on the consoles.
The game's look is marred as well by an overly choppy frame rate combined with stiff character models.
There are a few good points about Spider-Man 3 though, but they are few indeed.
The game features voice acting from many of the principal actors from the film (including Tobey Maguire, James Franco, Thomas Haden Church, Topher Grace, J.K.
Simmons, and Bruce Campbell who reprises his role as your video gaming guide) and swinging through New York City is still pretty fun.
However, the repetitive gameplay gets boring, and the game has an overly linear feel to it as well.
After shown what was possible with Spiderman 2, this game is a BIG let down.
The fighting is really boring and the graphics are bland.
If you must play it, rent it, absolutely don't buy.
I wanted Transformers the video game to be as good as the movie but I was wrong.
There is nothing good about Transformers the video game.
The graphics would be considered good if they were on the PS1 and there's not a lot to do with your Transformer.
Your not allowed to shoot people only buildings and vehicles.
The cutscenes are short and boring so you won't miss anything if you skip the scenes.
Most video games based on movies are TRASH! The only good games based on movies are Spider-man 1,2,and 3.
Don't buy this game.Don't even rent it just get Spider-man 3.
There are very few games based on movies that end up very good.
Often times all you can hope for is a nice average game, Transformers is unfortunately not even an average game.
This game was awful, the controls, story, mission, everything.
The only neat thing is changing back and forth from a vehicle to a giant robot, and that isn't enough to carry a game.
The characters aren't fluid and everything seems forces.
If you must run around as a robot and destroy things there are better games to do it in.
The only real positive about this game is the graphics.
The transformers look very nice in all their detail.
The transformation is great to look at too.
There are endless cockroach-like robots surrounding you and they don't want you to get it.
When you need to throw a tree or pole at Starscream you'll find yourself tossing it just to the side of him.
Too frustrating.I didn't mind the missions as some have said they were too short or repetitive.
The driving details are difficult but it just takes a few missions to get used to how the steering works.
It's not like every racing game where you can turn with ease at 150 MPH.
You just have to get used to it.The biggest drag to this game is the camera work.
And it's enough to pull this review all the way down to two stars.
Before I start let me say I really wanted this game to be good, I really did.
On the highest quality it approaches Oblivion, almost but not quite.
It does have a storyline and a plot, not good ones mind you but still more than Oblivion ever managed to offer.
It offers lots of open ended play, and will keep you entertained for many hours.Sadly, this game is completely undone by the gameplay itself.
You start the game by customizing the level of ugliness you want your human male main character to have.
No option for additional races or even for a female character.
Just several slidebars to adjust things like hair style, lip size and whatnot.
The game start off with some battle fundamentals, thus introducing you to the horribly broken system of combat.
Essentially, you use the same three hit combo over and over.
You cannot block or even fight while moving, the best you can do is hop backwards.
This fancy little dodge is more of an insult than anything.
Many times I attempted to jump back to avoid being hit only to be nailed anyway and stand there uselessly for a second.
The acting is terrible and completely drags you out of the game.
I have no idea why they casted such a terrible person for the part.
Sadly, I don't think the game designers have ever been near a horse.
They handle terribly, react slowly, and get stuck on nearly every object you encounter.
They even come to a full stop when you try to run downhill.
Or worse, to be attacked by enemies that can kill you in one hit.
The addition of a plot and storyline was exactly what Oblivion needed, and I had hopes that this game would do it.
The complete failure of creating a sensible battle system or even balancing the weapons and monsters makes this game gut-wrenching to sit through.
I could barely play 30 minutes, and that was all I could do with this game.
I am a true, a long time RPG fan and I hate to say Dungeon Lord was much better than this game.
You have no choice but to choose one ugly human male.
But the damn designers thought that must be shown! I just could not change the way he looks and it was very frustrating.
It was almost at a point, I just didn't have a desire to play the entire game with this character.
There are absolutely no tutorial, and there were no help to find.
I will read the manuals later or I will try to figure it out on my own.But this didn't last long either.
You use WASD to move around but when you use S to step back, the character actually turns around and move away from fight.
I was forced not to hit "S" key during fight and I was gunho, all out attack stance whole time.
Like someone explained earlier, you start off with right clik, fireball, click, click, run out of mana.
Left click, click, click, no DEFENCE, just hack slash use potion.
You have to hold left mouse button to relase but it also takes time to zoom.
There is a quick zoon option but you need that holding for more damage.
But by this time the animals, like boars wolves, are already hitting you and you force to release it early.
And like I said earlier, you can't do a stance and move backwards so you turn around and try to run.
Guess what? The pack of wolves are already coming at you and you just shoot the arrow, left click.
You try to hold on then you are getting hit and lose HP really fast.
So guess what? You do right click for fireball and back to equiping sword then slash again.
Playing Dungeon Lord was awful with so much bug and NO MAP but it was actually fun to play.
Not worth trying more of my valuable time.
The bad in this game vastly outweighs the good.
Let me start by saying the story is horrible, a sad mix of poorly written, corny old English dialog and distractingly bad voice acting.
Without a solid story to move the game along, there's not a lot left.Most of the game you will spend fighting.
Every monster is pretty much the same, as they are either ranged or melee.
Besides timing the dodge key, there isn't much skill associated with fighting, and while it might be fun for a while, it quickly gets old.
None of them really leap out at you are all pretty generic.
The horse having its own AI is a novel concept, sure, but poorly implemented and absolutely annoying.
I found myself walking more often than not, just to spare myself the trouble.The morality system is also lacking.
Sure, you have a "reputation" in various areas, but you never really feel that the game even recognizes your evil deeds.
Your character just seems to act in accordance to where he is and who he is talking to.
Buy it on the bargin bin if anything, otherwise buy oblivion if you haven't already.
I'm so glad I didn't spent more then a couple of dollars for this game.
I've played games released in 2001 that put this one to shame.
So yeah, I'm thinking we should compare them and when we do, Two Worlds can't even BEGIN to hold a candle.
Save your $1 and buy a candy bar - it would be more enjoyable then this game.
You can't play this game using a controller so it is worthless to me.
I was all hyped by this game after reading about it on the net.
You can allocate points to different skills but your combat will come down to this for every fight, I'm not kidding.
Sword/staff L click, L click, L click.You can't target mobs.
You cant click a body to loot it.
You have to walk up to it, an 'eye' appears and you hit the spacebar to interact with it.
There is no mouse pointer on the screen at all.
I hate not having control over what I want to do in a game.
Let me choose my target, please.The mobs, and boy the variety you'll see (wolves, bears, and boars), all come in packs of 5 or more.
You won't find a single mob in this game it seems.
I read somewhere this graphics engine was being developed in 1998.
Believe me, it shows.The sound..I could go on and on about the sound.
Suffice it to say, if you have a Creative card, GOOD LUCK getting it to work.
I finally manged to, don't ask me how.
The FAQ suggests (get this), removing your Creative driver and going back and using the ol' MS generic drivers as a fix.
You'll dismount for ALL of your combat you'll get so fed up with it.I'm not trusting any new SOUTHPEAK for any games again.
No more eastern european game designers for me.
They've always dissapointed me (Beyond Divinity anyone?)Trust me..pass this one by.
This is the first Nintendo DS superhero video game that I've sold off.
My kids were really excited to try Spider-Man 3 (having played the GBA games before).
You'd think New York City is populated by 98% felons.
Spider-man doesn't meet anyone who he doesn't have to punch, kick or throw around.
I hope new superhero games are released on the Nintendo DS, just not games as much work as this.
After playing other Spiderman games I figured this one would be about the same with new missions.
It isn't - in fact it is astoundingly bad.There are some major issues:First the bad plot that has almost nothing to do with the movie.
After long side missions I beat the game in 7 hours.
I bet you could finish the game in less than 5 without the side missions.
They also cut several storylines from the PS2 version like Kingpin, Rhino, and Scorpion.Third, it looks like they replaced the actors with zombies.
Seriously though, this game is a textbook example of the uncanny valley.Fourth the controls suck.
There is a slight delay in your attacks, so combat is hard to get used to.
Also they removed many of the fun moves fromSpider-Man 2.There are also tons of glitches.
Also you can frequently fail a mission because all of these glitches.Finally the amount of loading is ridiculous.
For example if you have just completed a mission this is what will happen.
First loading, then text says "Mission passed!" followed by more loading.
You guessed it - more loading.There is some good in the game.
Bruce Cambell as usual is a top notch narrator.
Buy virtually any other Spiderman product and you'll be better off.
If I wanted to get my but kicked I would play a fighting game.
It works for God of War not for Spider-Man.
Invest in the first one it's the best game so far Activison needs to get their act together.
I bought this game when it first came out and found it the other day.
Now I know why I hardly played it.
Sorry, just swinging around NY could not save this one.
Not to mention the Arsenic Candy Gang?  Really?  I found myself actually being emabarrassed for Spider-Man having to fight a gang of school girls.
I was more embarrassed when they mopped the floor with me because of the horrible combat system.
Combat in this game is totally non-satisfying.With so many other Spider-Man games to choose from you should definitely pass on this.
Where to start? The camera is awful its jerky and all over the place.
The Textures are blocky on the characters except Spidey he looks great.
The combat is button mashing frustration, or just plain boring, this game is a rushed , jumbled huge mess.
Completely disappointing.The aminmations are missing frames, the characters look like retarded people on drugs.
Sure the Web swinging is well done but they had that down  in the last game.
Activision pushs out another me to license game thats not fun and very frustrating in parts.
it blows!!! this game is sadd it aint worth renting or even borowing from a friend.
I rented this game for my 7 year old son.
We were only able to get through one or two missons/levels.
The car that you drive is too darn hard to drive.
It's  impossible to drive straight, steer, and stop because of the sensitivity of the controls.
You also have time limits that you have to meet or the mission fails.
Don't buy the game but do see the movie.
The movie's great but the game is terrible.
The graphics are pretty awesome, but there's not much game here.
Even though the difficulty is unpredictable, the game is very forgiving since it allows you to "respawn" at the nearest healing statue without any penalty.
Take this quote for example, "You've had a touch of the sunstroke, methinks.
If you've never played Oblivion, now is a good time.
If you have and want another title of the same caliber, don't even try this game out.
If you have played Elder Scrolls, this game will leave you laughing.
Cheap voice overs, bad graphics, and very little online players,.
mostly little kids!Dont waste your time or money!.
You may note that I rated the game as "fun" but overall "poor".
The gameplay can become a bit addictive, after a point.
Once the hero becomes powerful and just doesn't stop, you can maul your way through enemies that once gave you problems.
There's also a massive loot system, and you can combine simlar items to make higher-class ones.
Heck, even after you hit it the game itself is still horrible.
The story has some potential, but ultimately sounds like something that a two-year-old came up with.
The dialog used to deliver the story is absolutely bottom-barrel trash, and the voice acting throughout the game will make you cringe.
But whoever made it basically took a giant square and ran a randomizer over it, plugging in a few numbers for "max height".
There's no such thing as a flat plain anywhere.
It's just up and down and up and down.
It's like the developers never actually went outside to see if what they made makes any sense against the real world.
I mean, it detailed and can be pretty at times, but the hills are just a pain.
This wouldn't be a problem if not for two things:1) it makes exploration very hard.
If you take a wrong turn over a hill, you can end up sliding some stupid distance and not be able to climb back up.
This is incredibly obnoxious as you MUST explore the entire world to get the location achievements.2) your horse is an idiot.
Once you get one, you'll find that the horse randomly can't pass certain types of terrain.
The sides of most of these roads are so steep that the horse can't walk across them.
The horse isn't very maneuverable, and the controls are just poorly done.
You also can't wield a two-handed weapon other than a bow from horse back, but you can use double-wielding from horseback.
So you have to keep jumping on and off the thing every time you get in a fight.3) the controls aren't just unintuitive, they're anti-intuitive.
You have to press the up button to move forward.
Normal, right? Not so when you realize that holding the button causes the horse to accelerate, and rapidly.
And letting it go doens't stop the horse.
Push up and let go of the controller, and the horse will keep moving forward.
But now you need to stop because some wolves are attacking you.
But you can only do that when the horse's movement is aligned with the screen.
Fortunately, I was able to twist around and get free, but it took a while and was pain.The controls are bad in every way.
In combat, there's no blocking or dodging, just a "jump back".
I just know that after X-number of swings, I should just go ahead and hit the jump-back button before I get creamed.
The "jump" button is also not the prototypical "A".
It's "Y"? X doesn't attack, but draws your weapon.
All you have to do is change weapons, and the slot automatically changes to that weapon's skill from the same group.
It's a nice touch, BUT, when you select the power from the D-pad, it doesn't pause gameplay to bring up the actual wheel.
And once you've selected the right power, you have to then press the other shoulder trigger.
This makes combat a malay of pushing the attack trigger, desperately trying to select a power from the D-pad, and pushing the power trigger.
I just leave mine on my heal spell and don't bother with the others because most of them have low percentage success rates anyway.
The powers are mostly superfluous and not very useful.Also, the treasure system is vast.
This is, at first, a boon because you get to sweep through and get more and more powerful items.
However, in order to combine items to make a higher-class one, you have to have two of the exact same type.
Each piece of armor has a "Set" number, and there are least 600 "sets" in the game.
A set includes helmet, chest, gauntlets, leggings, and boots.
Then there's dozens of different types of shields, and at least 100 different types of weapons, and at least 9 different types of ring.
It's constantly recentering, but the default angle the camera centers on is mind-bogglgingly bizarre.
When you're on your horse, the camera recenters to what seems to be a large angle toward the sky.
If you try to angle the camera down, it will instantly retilt back up.
So you have to angle the camera upward to see where you're going.
So you have to constantly fight the camera's recentering by tweaking the right stick in the direction you want to move the camera.
The camera doens't move smoothly in any sense of the word.
When turning, the screen jumps by at least an entire degree at a time.
Running forward is jumpy too: object don't glide by the way they do in most smooth-motion games.
You'll want to play this game on a small a screen as you can so you don't ruin your eyes with the motion-sickness-inducing frame rate.
Most features, like smaller towns and NPCs, will pop into sight as you get close enough.
But the actual lay of the land is visible at any distance, and you can see the trees being rendered from far away.
If the developer had actually put a horizon that, the game would be a lot smoother.Finally, there's the character themselves.
I don't think they hired an artist to create the wireframes.
The main character's main, NPCs, Orcs, Groms, and wolves are all ugly.
It's got a lot of good ideas, but it's just poorly executed.
It definitely won't thrill you, and can be very frustrating at times.
The dialog sucks, the story is sub-par, and the controls are bad.
It is, however, mindless and generally easy to play.
When the price drops below $10, it can be worth the buy to have something to do for a week or so.
But don't buy this game expecting to be wowed.
Because, as an actual game, it does suck and sucks hard.
The quest system is broken down as well.
No amount of patch fixes will ever correct the game's: stupid story, boring side quest, terrible voice-acting, cheap sound effects and idiotic artificial intelligence.
Save your money because Two Worlds is not even worth a rental...let alone a purchase.
First review? You bet.Why? Because you shouldn't be suckered like me.How it happened: I was standing in Gamestop, and saw Two Worlds had come out.
I was all excited, and first thing when I got home, I put this in the 360 and tried to join a multiplayer game.
The character 'customization' consists of ONE choice of avatar, with 3-4 different selections for hair, hair color, etc.
It would be alright if the audio didn't sound like pieced together strings of individual words/phrases.
The synching wasn't too terrible for my tastes, but that William Shattner/Capt.
Kirk speak thing is REALLY bothersome."How about that eye-candy you were talking about earlier?" As soon as you find it, let me know.
Trying to find herbs for alchemy? Good luck deciphering the "pick up" icon and lettering through the clutter that is the ground design.
I've never seen so many flowers in my life.I've seen some reviews saying once you get into the game, it's in-depth and stunning.
I don't doubt that, but this game is never seeing the inside of my 360 disc tray again.
In this day and age we just shouldn't settle for something like this.
Even those games which are complicated and take a while to get into tend to be at least enjoyable from the start.
If a game takes time to get into there needs to be an incentive to keep playing until it does.
(I really do wonder if they are playing the same thing.)  I did not want and was not expecting Oblivion.
That is why I am writing this now.
If you simply must try it, PLEASE find some way to rent it first.
Also, if you played the PC version and liked it okay, please get the PC version.
It is better than the 360 one, which is abysmal.
Alas, it was impossible.If only I had never opened the box so I could get my money back.
Too bad they come with such an awful game.
The graphics are great but it freezes every few mins because of all the grass graphics and such.
I'd say its only worth the 10 bucks if you really want fast gamer points.
honestly the game is absolutely horrible and i am known to enjoy the worst of the games.
but i will continue to play it to see if it gets better; so far it hasn't.
There are *so* many things wrong with this game but I still played it for hours and hours.
like wow that is the worse ever kind of bad.
The guidance on how to play is basically missing.
The story is stupidly simple and the combat system is *very* simple.
Setting aside those things the game has a lot going for it.
There are many good looking mobs and places to explore.
Leveling goes at a good pace and you can upgrade and customize your character and his gear all over the place.
So, turn on subtitles, don't get a horse and be patient as you first explore.
Two worlds was a diamond that was ruined but it still has some sparkle if you can look past the flaws.
It was kind of fun to run around in underwear like a jackass after realizing there is no value in the game itself.
Two Worlds and Dragon Age 2.That is all I really need to say, I think.
If I could score these games Zero, I would.
On the back cover it lists a "quote" from someone that this game is "Oblivion on steroids".
There's so much badly delivered dialogue and overwhelming amount of info, that I literally have no idea what is going on.
How about that?GRAPHICS: The game itself isn't bad.
Close ups when people talk is pretty bad.
A lot of times, lips don't line up to what is being spoken (or don't move at all).
But I find it to be really jumpy moving around.
Wow - everyone who trashed this in other reviews here is spot on!  It's so terrible - just.
pathetic!GAMEPLAY: It's OK to explore, but again, it's just not SMOOTH.
And don't get me started about the fight sequences - they're terrible.
Second - fighting groups of enemies is just terrible - you can't single out your attacks or block so you just get pummelled.
It's not intuitive how you equip or sort stuff.
And how many potions have I whipped through by accidentally hitting the bumper buttons while playing?  Ugh!----I could go on but I'll spare you.
This game sucks and I actually played it for a while.
I think that sums up the reviews, both the bad and good ones.
Some have simply chosen to seriously overlook all its flaws to enjoy the few likable things about it.
Things such as the weapons and as any rpg player loves, the leveling up aspect.
But everything else about it is very dull and not worthy of today's standards.
How can a game like this come out quite a few years after games like Oblivion? A true step back.
2/5 and that is kinda generous for the most part.
Early commentators of this game said it was like &#34;Oblivion on steroids&#34;.
Unfortunately, it turned out more like Oblivion on dope.
For the record I love Two Worlds II.
The bow combat in that game was great.
I've heard other reviewers compare this game to Dark Souls.
It's unfair because this game came out in 07 and Dark Souls in 11.
I bought a new copy of this game to encourage South Peak to make Two Worlds 3.
This first title in the series shows promise.
This was also well executed in the sequel.
Both games suffer because there is no &#34;lock on feature&#34; to target enemies.
I often swung my sword and cast spells just to the left or right of where my enemy stood.
Seriously, this game really looks worse than some PS2 titles.
The framerate wasn't as bad once I started playing.
Still, the graphics ended up being downright awful.
For RPGs such as this, inventory management is a game of strategy in itself.
Knowing what items to buy, sell or store away is half the battle.
Yet, the terrible item management in this game managed to ruin most of the fun even in this.
I couldn't move similar items next to each other in the inventory.
I picked up tons of useless weapons from enemy combatants.
I would sell this but soon learned that money doesn't even really matter in this game.
I ended up just leaving enemy combatants unlooted because my inventory is full.
My advice- play Two Worlds II with a bow powered character to see how great this game could have been.
The storyline in the second is top notch too.
This game was poor in many ways, but you could have fun with it.
What disappointed me most (besides a poor interface and spotty game progression) was the ending.
Also, I ran around the map at a pretty low level, avoiding encounters (I was bored).
I guess I was "supposed" to have completed more of the game before I went to that part of the map.
I rented this because of the comparison to Oblivion on the back.
I'd put maybe fifteen minutes into it the night before, and ejected it in disgust.This game pretends to have character customization.
It'll let you shorten or lengthen your character's arms and legs, and give him muscles.
There are a couple styles, but they all pretty much look alike.
The characters looked wooden and the voice acting was the worst I've heard in years.
Where be thy village elder that I mighte speakethe with himeth?"And so on and so forth.
The first in the game! Ask any gamer--the first enem(ies) a game throws at you are always set up to be impossible to lose to.
The game just wants you to get your feet wet, test the controls.Not here.
I died seven times trying to kill the first enemies in the game.
Two hits from them was enough to kill me.
It was like the game accidentally dropped me in the final dungeon instead of the first.Finally I managed to kill them.
I don't know how, because the controls are so loose it's nigh impossible to keep your crosshairs on the target.
Oh, I forgot to mention that--that's six or seven deaths with my cumulative damage still on those two baddies.
It's half impossible to tell what things are in your inventory, and all of the menu commands are counterintuitive--except looting.
If I had, I would've demanded my money back.This game was unplayable.
This game graphic is good compared to other Wii games.
I like the fighting scenes even though they're short.
It might be because I'm not a hard cored gamer.
However, the frustrating control makes this game boring after 2 missions.
For example, while I was in a car form, I could not  reverse! I had to transform into the robot to go backward.
do not buy this ...the controls are so rediculous and its starts way too damm fast.
I do not think there are enough words to say how bad this is.
Buy any other transformers game just not this.
I rented this game and played as both an autobot and a decepticon for a mission or two.
This was enough to occupy my time for roughly 20 minutes.
By then, I was already completely bored with the game.
For a game based on a property with such an innate cool factor, this game is excruciatingly dull.
It really has little to hold one's interest for more than a couple of minutes max.
While playing, I just couldn't seem to shake the "been there done that" vibe which seemed to permeate every aspect of the game.
I also found myself constantly fighting with the psychotic in-game camera.
The controls were likewise clunky and pointing at enemies with the Wii remote didn't seem to work half of the time.
Just like the movie upon which its based, this could've been something great.
This game was pretty simple and got boring quickly.
Even though this is an adventure game, you need a powerful computer to run it.
My computer is new, so it was OK.
I couldn't get immersed in this game because it is all about writing down user names and passwords, then reading file after file.
Then you go from room to room where you can't tell if there is something important to see or do.
I got really bored, so I finally gave up.
This game could have been fantastically suspenseful if not for the horrible controls.
I'm not a fan of FPS games where the camera is only from the characters eye for 2 reasons.
First, controlling the action is nearly impossible; you just don't have the right perspective.
That doesn't happen in this game, I blame this mostly on the forced first person perspective.
The controls are set up fairly straightforward and intelligently, but it stops there.
The game first starts out with very helpful explanations how to perform certain actions as you need them.
However, complex actions (such as turning a wheel) were very difficult to perform and little help was offered as to how to do them.
I spent a great deal of time just trying to get the character positioned correctly so that I could perform actions.
Then my action icon would disappear if I didn't do it just right or I accidentally dropped an item.
Totally unacceptable.As for the game itself, it is definitely suspenseful and scary.
It really had some first class scares in it, and unlike some scratchy-type games, these scares are intersperse throughout the game.
I really think this is one of the scarier games I've played, with great atmosphere.
Most of my fear came from the unknown.
They successfully utilized sound (or the lack thereof) to scare the bejeezus out of me.
If you are more like me, but want and interactive suspenseful game, allow me to recommend "Indigo Prophecy", which I like to describe as 'WOW'.
I am a big fan of adventure games in general, and got this game on vacation this summer.
I had only played it a few minutes when there was a d**n and h**l.
In my mind that is "mild" language, however, that is not the extent of the severity of the language.
I really hate to spell it out, but I am a Christian and this type of language really offends me.
Other than the language this game looked very promising.
The graphics were really nice, and the voice acting was good (just not what they were saying!).
Thanks for reading! I hope this review was helpful.
we expected an rpg, not a side scrolling Mario bros game with bowser as a playable character.
My friend brought and I thought it was going to be one of those long and good adventure rpgs like the first and second one.
For those who want the original lets hope nintendo makes a better 4th one, or settle for this.
I am a HUUUUGE fan of the paper mario series.
I liked the thousand year door one almost as much.
it didn't have any of the elements that made the first two games so likeable.
Exept that he's paper...I don't recommend this game.
My god!!!!  Why buy a system to play only predictable, rehashed, mario games for 10 years ago.
I thought this would be like old school Mario.
It's cute but I just don't get it.
The pace is very slow, kind of boring.
Not for me, I guess I have a short attention span!.
I have not played an Super Mario Paper games and this is the first Mario game I have played on the Wii.
For example, when using certain power-ups, you would have to change the position of the Wii remote to match what is onscreen.
The rumble function of the remote is used during various times of the game and adds a little, but not much fun to the gameplay.
You can point the remote at the tv to access important information about characters and objects.
If you can't figure out the puzzles, there are ways to get ingame hints.
Although I did not buy the guide, it may help some players outOfficial Nintendo Super Paper Mario Player's Guide.
The difficulty is appropiate for the ratings.Gamplay Options:  Mario can switch from a 2D to a 3D world.
Although some may complain about the time limit, I think the time limit works because it adds more difficulty to the game.
There is too much meaningless chit chat going on in the game that does not add any value to gameplay.
Although there are save points, there are times when you have to go through the same chit chat over and over again if you die.
I do not see the story appealing to anyone, not even little kids.
The first one being having Mario hit a block or run in a hamster wheel for rubbies.
This takes no skill and was the most boring part of the game.
The Cons really do take away the enjoyability of the game.
I think Nintendo should make a sequal to this game and remove some of the unnecessary dialogue and puzzles.
I rented this game from gamefly.com and I hate it.
They should have kept the mario side scrolling theme and kept with the mario formula (run, jump, fly, swim, castle).
My 6 year old who has trouble reading would not have the patience to read all those dialogue bubbles (rediculous!!!).
It seemed your character was always looking in the wrong direction when fighting.
You also had to buy clothes before you were allowed to see them.
I was a HUGE fan of the first couple Tenchu games on Playstation.
Then they just kept on tossing out cheap ports packaged as "new games".
No innovation, no updating the experience, just the same old stuff with slightly new level maps.
Now, with the Xbox 360, they have released YAT ANOTHER cheap port of the same old game.
The first couple were so fun and tense, real white knuckle gaming.
When the original Tenchu: Stealth Assassins came out in 1998, it was a big step in gaming.
For the first time since Metal Gear, players were actually encouraged (well, sort of) to be stealthy.
The problem is it's an XBOX 360 game that looks like it was made for the PS2.
The graphics are pretty horrible, especially when you consider that Assassin's Creed was released the same year.
The voice-acting is pretty bad, too, but in that uniquely Japanese way.
You pick your attributes, skills, outfits, and weapons.
2) there are a lot of missions (50 or so).
this is a pity game for the genre.
tenchu for the ps still the king of the hill.
is not very good and loses interest in following targets after they lose direct sight of their target.
I have three, but the cable only works with two of them.
For example, the Mayflash SNES controller-to-USB adapter does not work with all SNES controllers.
I have no idea why this is; there may be an understandable reason, but it is nonetheless very disappointing.
It's cheap, so it's not much of a problem to buy one to try, but they are far from a perfect product.
I liked this game at first but it gotten boaring, its to easy to short and the same as the other dead or alive games.
The graphics is good but the rest is the same like the other DOA games, only two new characters in this game but thats it.
This game gets real boaring after awhile so this is an okay game.
After I unlocked everything I bought Virtua fighter 5 and this became obsolete.
Don't have much to say, bad game play and no easy setting.
Slow online play and small amount of people to play as.
Fighting games have a sad tradition of horrible singleplayer experiences.
Dead or Alive 4 continues this tradition wholeheartedly.
It packs its singleplayer experience full of gruelingly difficult and frustrating opponents that can perform the trickiest combos at the drop of a hat.
This would be fine on harder difficulty levels, but I'm talking about normal mode.
Fighting games typically work in a rock-paper-scissors sort of way, with the aforementioned items being replaced with attacks-blocking-throws.
To make matters worse, their animations take a long time.
You can do nothing but watch helplessly as she pummels you into the electrified floor.
Most of the characters' animations are equally gorgeous, though some of the newer characters look like they need a bit more polish (La Mariposa's kicks).
Most of the stages are nice and are about as ridiculous as you'd expect in any fighting game (dinosaurs?).
This is written by a part time gamer who simply likes to enjoy a game.
I find most games are far too difficult for the part time gamer even on the easy setting.
All games should have a "Very Easy" option.
I thought the rest of the game was great.
Because this was frustrating rather than fun I give it a 1 star.
I would now rate it 5 stars but Amazon does not seem to allow me to change my rating.
I think I would have really liked this game on a PC, but the RTS experience just doesn't seem to work on a console.
I honestly spent much more time wondering where such-and-such unit went than I did planning my attacks.
I've been playing this series since 1998 and I have to say it is completely unplayable on a console.
As much as I would like to say it conforms well with this format, it sadly does not.
With the control system set up as it is, there are a numerious formats for every structure and unit, and within that are enumerious commands.
All of which are displayed in miniscule text.
And I'm playing on a rather large screen.
If you've played Dead Rising and tried to read the text on that game, well this text is slightly bigger.
Furthermore, with Dead Rising most of the text you have to read is useless.
Most of the text in this game is vital to playing it.
Given that, on a computer this game would be great.
If you don't believe me about the xBox level of play, please save yourself some money and rent it first.
If this game allowed you to use a USB mouse and keyboard, it would probably be quite fun.
As it is, the console control setup is terrible.
It is very hard to successfully move and select troops, and it is nearly impossible to group them.
I bought it used for $10, and I still consider it to have been a waste of money.
This gamemade me want to vomit from the AI commentaries.
Let's get this out of the way first.
Translation, it's the same paper manual you get in the regular game but some of the pictures are in color.
Hello, I'm about to purchase this adapter, but I wonder if it can be used on the nintendo DSi.
I bought this for my new Nintendo Ds, I got it in the mail about a week later.
I used it, and the first time I used it, it wouldn't work!.
looking at the screenshots of infernal, it looked like my kind of game, a max payne/hitman kind of style.
however, it quickly falls apart not because it's a "bad" game, but simply because it's a mediocre game with no innovation.first, the good:  good graphics.
no auto-target noob crap so that's a definite plus.the bad:  you have to cannibalize corpses (steal their souls, whatever) to gain health and ammo.
you have to aim your target at their body, and then wait for this animation (that's too long) to complete to get the goods.
while this is cool for about .2 seconds, it quickly becomes old.
unfortunately this idea wasn't good in gears of war and it's not good here, either.
the cover mechanics of the call of duty series are far more intuitive and fun.
gamespot said it all:  "Infernal embraces style over substance, resulting in a dull and repetitive shooting experience.".
In the 3rd person shooter Infernal, you play as Ryan Lennox, a former agent of Heaven who recently joined the forces of Hell.
I had this game sitting on my shelf for a while before I finally decided to play through it.
I can honestly say I wasn't missing much.
While I finished it I found it a struggle to want to do so.
I quickly lost interest in the game by the end of the first mission.PROS:+ Graphics.
However like so many shooters the sky and background was a solid unmoving sheet.+ Enemy AI was ok.
All of the lines were unemotional and delivered verbatim as if read for the first time from a script.
Now I know many younger players might enjoy the cliche driven angst rock while they're shooting things up but I however do not.
Good action music in a game is essential for me and this game definitely DID NOT have it.
Simply awful.- Hell based powers were boring, uninspired and hardly useful.
The only I really used from time to time (if I remembered) was the charged shot.
The planar vision felt added on for lack of a better idea and the teleportation was simply awful in every way.
I absoluted hated when I had to use it to accomplish an objective.- Bland level design.
What little there was with the female character in the game I basically wanted to shoot her (which sadly you can't, trust me I tried).
She prattled non stop saying, "Come on Ryan, we don't have much time.
Hurry Ryan."  Very annoying when you're trying to explore and or are low on health/ammo and searching for power ups.
You could barely if at all jump over or climb on top of a crate.
Also you could fall off of an 8' scaffolding and die instantly.
Taking cover was cumbersome and always a chore.- Searching enemies became more of a chore than a necessity.
You could draw life from enemies to heal yourself and you could get ammo from them.
However most of the time I just needed the ammo not the health.
Unfortunately you couldn't pick what you wanted (at least not that I figured out).
So basically I was wasting taking health from enemies just for the ammunition.
I really wanted to like this game but just couldn't.
Would I recommend it to a friend?  Definately not.
This game is essentially an expensive drink coaster.
Unfortunately my existing ID didn't work and neither did a new one I created.
I bought this when I upgraded my PC to windows 7 and had been wanting to play it but couldn't because I was using XP.
When it arrived I went and installed it first thing.
But when I went to bring up windows live for games it said my key is invalid and to re-enter.
I did this several times with no luck.
If you are going to put DRM in a game you should always support it or stop selling the game.
So in sort what Microsoft told me was we got your money, too bad #@$% off.I will never buy a Microsoft made game.
I was thinking of buying a X-box, but now that is never going to happen.
When the PS4 comes out I will go with it instead.
M$ (Big Brother) are pulling every trick they can to get us to buy Windows VISTA.
Just take a few minutes to read the disastrous reviews for VISTA (all versions and upgrades), and you'll see just how bad the situation is.
People are now actually demanding XP before buying new PC's and Laptops, so bad is the reputation of VISTA, and it's growing.
It will cost you less in most cases, and you'll still have a PC that works properly.
The graphics were good back then, and multiplayer was great.
The story was ok, except for the clifhanger ending.
Sadly it appeared this title would not be ported to the PC.
Finally 3 years later it comes out on the PC.
Great for people who didn't have an Xbox or prefer PC controls, right? Wrong! Three years is too long.
In fact DX9 games run better on XP, its been proven over and over.
Microsoft wanted to use this game to try to boost Vista sales, thats it.
Initially that was the biggest rip-off in PC gaming history.
PC multiplayer has always been free (not including MMOs) and now they wanted you to pay to use it.
Aside from being a rip-off, this made multiplayer a ghost town.
Its buggy, requires online activation, and is generally a poor port overall.
If you want to play Halo 2 get it in the Xbox.
It works on the 360 too, so there is no reason to waste your money on a poor port.
Not to mention the shameless WinVISTA promotion.All these years Microsoft was dragging its feet.
Why? The release of (compatibility-hell) WinVISTA was coming - and HALO2 was planed to boost sales.
Then WinVISTA got repeatedly delayed - and so was Halo 2.RESULT: In 2004 the graphics were cutting edge, in 2007 they are just presentable.
After all, HALO3 is getting released for X-BOX.Wow! We get the privilege of playing the previous generation game! Aren't we lucky.
no minimul requirements listed so that automatically draws a one star review from me.
2 gb ram/7 gb hard drive free space.4.
How else can we know our systems will run it?bye.Update July 28;I should have know, Halo went the same way Serious Sam went.
Serious Sam upgraded to a better engine (graphics) and ruined the entire game.
Halo has done the same thing...they up graded to a better engine (according to them) and took out all the fun and entertainment.
Of course it looks like better graphics...but who cares if it's not fun enough to play through to completion at least one time.bye.
I paid you my money, so now I should be able to install/uninstall as I need to.
Did no realize that this game was so old or I would not have purchased it.
The graphics and interactions are very bad, but the game is playable.
this is an xbox game and not made for PC playing.
The keyboard set up does not work more than half the time.
I have tried to customize keys to play like Halo one and it fails to set the commands to the assigned keys.
For instance; the screen tells me to hold the "R" key to switch weapons and when I do, it does nothing.
Total crap in the opinion of this heavily experienced FPS Gamer.System info:Pentium quad core 2.6SLI 2ea 1gig 450 gts GPUs4 gig dual channel ram.
In the past month or so, I only lost my savegames on the Live server twice and have only had it crash itself once.
I hope it is helpful for you.I bought Halo 2 for the PC excited about trying it on my brand-new Vista machine.
I experienced the unfun joys of having Halo 2 randomly tell me my savegame file is corrupted and I have to start again.
That wasn't a great loss, since the program would regularly log me into Live, then say, "You are not logged into Live.
You will not be able to have any Achievements.
I see new Microsoft Games for Windows titles, and I feel I'd be stupid to put risk putting myself through that again.
So much for at least getting points from this.
I feel that the fighting in this game takes out the very "soul" of this beloved simulation game series.
Harvest Moon is about living the quiet life (befriending the neighbors, marrying, building up your farm, raising your child that actually grows up).
It's uniqueness in lack of violence is what makes it a jewel.
I also didn't like the whole catching your monsters (livestock) in the caves.
It just makes it more work than it's worth.
The only good thing about this game really are the graphics, which are indeed eye candy.
For those who find the original Harvest Moon series boring, then maybe this game is your cup-of-tea.
My 8 yr old son hates this game.
I think from now on, we will rent games before making a purchase.
So far I have 3 Wii games that are pretty sorry.
It comes with a much better shooting game.
If you have a single brain cell and a memory problem you will love this game.
I read a review stating that if you picked case #21, you would win the $1,000,000.
I was skeptacle so I went to a local used video game store.
They had a used copy so i asked if I could use it, they allowed me to.
The other review was right!!  I picked #21 and I picked the magic case.
The game is very predictable and is also very slow moving.
There is no fun in this game at all.
The graphics are not the best but they are not bad.
Other than that, the sound is good and basically the game play is the same as the show.
If you can live with predictability, get this game, if not, it's no deal!!!.
The only thing that is good about this one is Howie's voice.
The rest of the game is slow, visually not even close the graphics of any other game.
It is so slow that you think it is stuck moving from one screen to the other.
As far as the mini games, only the safe guess is even close to kinda fun.
I'll eat the $6 and use the experience as a lesson.
In case someone thinks I just got a dud...it's so cheaply made, I can tell with a 2" drop to a carpeted floor...it would quit.
Then we get stuck right at the very beginning.
A Japanese game that should have never been brought here.PLEASE STAY AWAY!!.
Everything about this game gives me the impression that it was rushed out the door without being tested thoroughly, and that's just sad.
It's worth pointing out too that the bits in the Digital Sea were fun, although the weapons took some getting used to.
That's all the game has to reward you with; hardly worth the effort it took to get there.
And either way, the gameplay is so broken that it's not worth the money.
This is one of the most irritating video baseball games I have ever seen.
The controls are so complicated to learn and use that the game is just not fun to play.
Well, I can tell them now to not waste their time.
If this were the only Wii game there was, the Wii wouldn't have sold 5 copies.
It stop working properly after about three weeks.
I used it mostly for COD: Modern Warfare 2 and found that pressing the R3 toggle a while to respond.
The R2 and L2 buttons are extremely sensitive, insofar as a tiny brush of the finger can set them off.
Use the money and buy yourself something better.
Trying going for the Datel Rapid Fire PS3 remote controller.
I bought this controller a few days ago and just had to take another trip back to return it.
When I hooked it up with the PS3, it worked fine on the menu of the PS3.
However, when i started a Playstation 2 game, it wouldn't recongnize the controller no matter what USB port i put it in.
So i tried switching to another game, same problem.
It wouldn't recognize the controller as even being hooked up to the station on a game.
If that's not bad enough, the instructions were no help whatsoever.
Now i'm a big fan of Logitech controllers, i was completely impressed with their PS2 controllers, wonderful, they lasted for several years.
But honestly, Logitech was a real dissapointment here with this controller.
It looks like they rushed it out to try to get ahead in controller production.
The controller lacked several things that is neccesary to a PS3 controller.
Second, as someone also mentioned, No sixaxis control.
I think it still has the vibrators in there instead.
Spend the extra $10 and get a standard Sony controller, it's better than sending it back to wherever you bought it from.
I admit I bought this without researching, as I have always been impressed with Logitech products for both the PC and PS2.
However I am very unimpressed in the seemingly intentional hindrances they have put into this controller.First the good.
I have had no problems playing PS2 and PS3 games the last few days with it.
It has Bluetooth for that reason, leave the USB's for my external hard-drives.Secondly, it isn't rechargeable.
I couldn't believe it when I opened the package and AA batteries fell out.
Why would they leave out the ability to recharge without going to the store and buying batteries.
If I wanted an ongoing cost like that I would have bought an off brand.
I don't consider Logitech some third name off brand.Thirdly, the L2 R2 buttons are nicely rounded up to make them more trigger like.
However they require a lot of pressure to push down.
Fool me into thinking I didn't need to take up a USB slot.
And make the buttons more awkward to use.This controller was the same price as the original six axis Sony when I purchased.
however i give it a one star over all because of the way it was marketed.
i bought this game because i kept hearing about all the "added content" and "improved graphics".
its debatable that the graphics  are improved at all over "black".
thats not good for a next gen system.
the cut scenes which i love actually were worse because they took out the pretty cgi and used in game graphics.
I'll admit I'm not a serious gamer, but I'm not useless with a controller.
I normally play a game on the normal setting and hard once Ive already beat it.
There are no other diffuculty settings other than "Youre F*ed".
I was so excited when the game came it.
I put it in and started playing it.
Well right away I had a ninja running at me slashing me to bits.
So I had to pause the game and read the manual to find out which buttons are what.
After several deaths, I finally made it to the boss, who then proceeds to slaughter me.
Now I will admit that I have little patience for this kind of stuff, but a 10 minute first boss fight is rediculous.
Which then pissed me off more because I had just wasted 50 bucks on a game.
Im sure this game wouldve been much more fun, if it had not been so stupidly hard and I had a little more patience.
All in all Id say "rent before you buy".
WWII FPS games have been around for years and years now, most widely popularized by the Medal Of Honor and Call Of Duty franchises.
In fact, so many have been created, that's it's now incredibly easy to tell a good WWII FPS from a bad one.
"Hour Of Victory" clearly falls into the bad category.
The paths you take to progress through the levels is dictated by who you choose.
It's a decent gameplay element that promises to offer diversity and experimentation.In reality, things immediately take a nose-dive.
For one thing, the levels are all extremely short.
You could beat the entire game in under three hours.
The second problem is its lack of incentives.
You can gain almost all the achievements just from beating the game with all three characters on the easiest difficulty setting.
There's always a permanent white crosshair circle in front of you.
You can't turn it off, and it never shrinks, expands, or goes away.
Almost all of the levels are strictly run-n-gun assaults.
To that end, the only character that really works is the commando, as he can absorb the most damage.
In one, you're able to make better use of the covert operative's stealth abilities like hiding in safe zones and performing silent knife kills.
N-Fusion definitely did not utilize the engine properly at all.
The backgrounds of the levels are blurry, muddy, jagged, and distorted.
Textures are constanly popping in and out of focus, and the character models all look like weird bug-eyed zombies.
It's regenerating, but the catch is you have to stand completely still for your health to fully regenerate.
For Hour Of Victory, it was an hour of failure instead.
Certainly not what i thought it was going to be.
I was never able to play it as it is not recognized by my Xbox Region.
Its been several years since you had region codes for DVD and CDs.
It seems to be a great game Love all related to WWII.
In 25+ years of gaming, I have never played a game with worse controls.
The game is extremely easy, but what makes this game so frustrating is the controls of the on-screen players is atrocious.
The ridiculously bad story, the cheesy graphics and the horrible gameplay overall make this honestly one of the worst Xbox 360 games I have played.
The graphics (to me) seem alot worse then call of duty 2, which was a launch title.
The gameplay is simmilar to call of duty 2 except the control's are worse and the AI sucks.
Its just a bad game so please dont waste your money buying this.
Hour of Victory is an FPS that tries out the whole diversity with the characters pitch, and the awesomely derivative dialogue.
You can get some easy achievements, and it only cost me $12, so no real loss.
Basically, this game is a very linear, short, and generic FPS.
If you see it for cheap maybe buy it, but dont expect anything great.
I was looking forward to a new name in World War II shooters, but this is just more of the same done worse.
The controls were a little annoying, but you'd get used to them.
Graphics are no where near as good as they were saying they would be.
Missions were boring and character specialties (Sniping, stealth etc.) were more a nuisance then a fun addition to the genre.
I'd suggest picking up Call of Duty 2, its half the price and at least 5 times as good.
There are hardly ANY maps for CTF and Warfare gametypes and the rest of the gametypes are basically just different types of deathmatch.
Overall this game was a total letdown and your better off finding a copy of the original UT or downloading Nexuiz.
I have played all Turok games in the past and was interested in this one.
The game started very well - interesting environments, cool weapons, a very innovative "button-reaction-time" way to kill dinosaurs with a knife.
I said "Whoa! I'm gonna like this game!"UNFORTUNATELY.
Towards the end of the first third of the game, it became insanely difficult.
There were cases where I would finally find the hiding point behind the rock, and I still got killed RIGHT THROUGH THE ROCK.
So you die, and you die, and you die, and you die, and you die, and you die.
well, you get the picture.If I don't like a game, I usually put it away for good.
